docs: update readme and cleanup old stuff (#442)
textileio/go-threads: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies when
an individual is representing the project or its community in public spaces.
Examples of representing a project or community include using an official
project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting
as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of
a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported by contacting the project team at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS]. All

Reviewer: I think we should probably do what they say here ;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team at contact@textile.io. All
```

Author: Ah yeah, copy pasta from the newly updated version
